HELLO AGAIN YOU WONDERFUL TO PEOPLE Yan here.
Pretty sure you know who I am and I said Anyway I'm Yan.
Hello.
I think we've met.
Just want to take a moment to reflect on what we've accomplished so far.
We just a few lines of code.
Quite a small script.
We can take player input change it somehow store the information and then do something with it.
Right.
That's pretty cool.
I mean that's the concept of most computer games and in fact with the stuff we know now methods signals
sending information to child nodes counting the amount of children under a certain node the idea that
we can store information in a node and export variables into the inspector arrays dictionaries constants
all kinds of stuff here.
Right.
With all these things we can already do quite impressive things.
Maybe we don't want to make lunar eclipse I've seen wants you to make a very into this game using the
same techniques but make Hangman.
OK.
Maybe we don't want to make a word game.
Cool.
We can now store inventory information for roleplaying game or have a dialog system that remembers the
player's name.
Right.
We can do all kinds of really cool stuff already.
But next we're going to step it up a notch.
I think it's time to bring in some actual graphics and a 2D environment and get some gameplay going.
So our next section hoppy days.
Let's make a game with a cute bunny.
Really looking for it.
I'll see you the next video.